Original Work, Story & Character Design
Akira Toriyama (Shueisha "Jump comics")
Hee, hee hee!
Time to adventure!
You'll be hooked for sure!
The Demon Realm is full of mystery
DAIMA wonderland
Whoopsie daisy!
Even when your heart shrinks
And you feel low
Dreams are everywhere
Don't worry about it
Never give up
Here comes a New Story
Thousands of jabs and silly jokes
They're waitin' for you
Jaan! Jaka jaan!
The fanfare of courage
No-holds-barred battles
The excitement ain't stoppin'
Hey Shenron, grant my wish
I wanna meet
Someone amazin' again tomorrow
My plane…
Did they…?!
Huh?
CHATTY
Blast it. I know I locked it.
What now?
Will we be able to return to Earth?
I'll figure out something.
Let's keep walking and find a vehicle.
It'll be easy if we just fly.
You can all fly, right?
Long distances are difficult in this air.
It expends a lot of energy
and will tire you out quickly.
Huh.
Hup!
Huh?
Yeah, it's heavy.
So the air's heavy. I get it.
Depleting our stamina traveling
would be dangerous.
Let's walk.
Oh? It's a dead end.
What do we do?
Let's fly here.
Hup! Whoops!
I guess you need to fly to get anywhere
in the Demon World, huh?
We could get around easily
if we had a plane.
Falling into the Sea of Darkness
would be bad, so let's be careful.
Goku-san, your movements
aren't as sharp as they usually are.
I still ain't used to the air yet.
What is this place?
You can't let your guard down, can you?
I'll deal with it.
Begone.
Wow, you ain't bad at all!
You might be stronger
than Supreme Kai-sama.
I'm a pretty good fighter myself.
Let's keep going.
I'm so hungry.
Try to hold out until the next town.
Ain't there any good fruits or anythin'?
Huh? Someone's hidin' for an ambush again.
Man, my body feels heavy.
Whew, that was tiring.
How did you know it was there?
I didn't see anything.
Right. Its Ki.
I sensed its Ki.
Ki?
What is that?
He can sense an invisible sort of energy.
Hm? There's somethin'.
It looks like a shop.
Let's take a break there.
At last! I can eat!
I'm starvin'!
Boo!
Sorry for the wait. Here's your tea.
And this is our highly recommended dish.
That smells delish!
It's skewered lizard.
Time to eat!
This is good!
What's this?
Herb juice with honey.
It's our special menu. It's delicious!
Bitter!
That flavor really grows on you.
It's full of nutrition
and the healthiest drink in the world.
Glorio-san. You said we'd find
another vehicle somewhere.
Do you have an idea where?
Well…
Honey, you're needed!
What is it?
Do you have a plane?
What?
We're looking for a plane.
Hmm…
What was that?
Honey! They need a plane! A plane!
Right.
I haven't got anything that valuable,
but I can sell you a Sky Seed for 8,000.
A Sky Seed…
What's the distance?
Hm?
He's asking the distance!
Ah, right, right.
For you and two kids,
probably around 120 kilos.
120 kilometers… For 8,000 dokuro…
That's a little pricey.
I guess I'll try elsewhere.
I-I'll take 5,000! How's that?!
There's a lot of weird stuff.
I wonder what this is?
Maybe a piece of candy?
Ah, it's a dead bug. What's it doin' here?
A bug?!
You boys aren't from around here, are you?
That's a Revive Bug.
It's a kind of Medi Bug
that'll restore stamina if you eat it.
Huh. That's cool.
So it's like a Senzu Bean.
What are you talking about?
There seem to be a lot of different bugs.
Yes. We've got most of the different types
of Medi Bugs you can find around here.
Achichi Bugs for burns,
Zutsu Bugs for headaches,
Beaut Bugs to make your skin silky smooth.
What's this bug?
That's a Join Bug.
Feed halves to two people
and they can fuse for a while
making them stronger.
Wow! That's a Fusion!
Hey, Goliro!
It's Glorio.
What is it?
Could you buy some of these bugs?
Bugs?
Ah, Medi Bugs.
Really?! How very nice!
We haven't sold souvenirs
here for decades!
Thanks a lot, Goliro!
It's Glorio.
Hey. This way.
Wait here.
"Sky Seed boarding here"?
What's that?
I've never heard of one before.
Step right up! Here we go!
A dream flight for you and me
for a love-filled night!
The ever-popular Sky Seed boarding
is right here!
Looks kinda interestin'!
Here we go! Three to go, right?!
The Sky Seed will be here momentarily!
Wait right where you are!
What kind of amazin' ride is it?!
What is that?
A seed of a Great Fiend Flower
called a Sky Seed.
It's not quite what I imagined.
There we go.
So, where are you headed?
That direction.
Sure thing.
Okay!
Right!
Sorry to keep you waiting!
Your destination is up to you!
Now step right up
and take a seat, my friends!
Like this?
I wonder how it moves.
You boys hold onto the gentleman in front!
Keep your heads down!
I'm removing the tail now,
so hold on tight!
Five… Four… Three…
Two… One…
Liftoff!
Take care!
This is so fast!
Hold on tight!
Whoa! This feels great!
This is rather nice.
Glorio-san, how are you driving this?
I'm not.
Huh?
The seed is just flying.
Wait a minute…
Does that mean we're going to fall?!
That's right. So we need to get off it
before it crashes.
What?!
We're starting to descend!
Fall in the Sea of Darkness
and you'll be done for! Be careful!
Got it!
Now! Get away!
Whoa.
It looks like we gained
quite some distance.
How much farther is the castle?
Half a day's walk.
Half a day, huh.
Let's fly the rest of the way.
If we run out of stamina,
we can eat one of those Revive Bugs.
I don't really like bugs.
Same here.
Man, I'm thirsty.
Come to think of it, before we came here,
Piccolo mentioned
the Demon Realm's Dragon Balls.
Do they really have Dragon Balls here?
Yes. Of course.
Huh! Seriously?!
You could say the Demon Realm
Dragon Balls are the originals.
Wow! How do you find them here?
Find them?
There's no need to find them.
Everyone knows where they are.
You know? What do you mean?
There are three Demon Worlds
in the Demon Realm.
This is the Third Demon World.
Each Demon World has a Dragon Ball
in a specific location.
Warriors called Tamagamis guard them.
Tamagamis?
So you need to steal the Balls
from the Tamagamis?
Yes. But that's no easy feat.
The Tamagamis are incredibly strong.
They're really that strong?
Yes.
You must fight and defeat them
to obtain the Balls.
I take it one must do that three times
to have a wish granted.
Is that correct?
Exactly.
So you only need to gather
three Dragon Balls in this place!
That sounds super duper fun!
Whoa! I wanna gather the Dragon Balls!
You can't.
As far as I know, no one has ever gathered
all three and had a wish granted.
That just makes me wanna try it more!
You can't, Goku-san.
Rescuing Dende-san comes first.
Hey, is the Tamagami far from here?
Remember the Warp-sama where we arrived?
It's in the opposite direction.
The opposite?! That's too far.
Maybe so, but…
if we get the Dragon Balls and
make a wish while goin' to rescue Dende,
we can become grownup again!
That's true, but…
I see.
That might be worth pursuing.
Now you're agreeing with this?
What happens
if that Dende fellow is killed
or you can't find him?
If you use the Demon Realm Dragon Balls
to make a wish, you can rescue Dende,
and you can return to normal
with the Earth Dragon Balls.
Right?! Let's do it!
Woo hoo!
Very well.
Hooray!
I can see the next town!
We can finally get somethin' to drink!
Plus I'm hungry!
It would be nice to rest.
Oh! Water!
Oh, Goku-san!
Is the water here safe to drink?
I think so.
What's going on?
I don't know.
Tch! It's the Gendarmerie.
The Gendarmerie?
The Supreme Demon King's military police.
We will now begin gathering
this year's offerings!
Silence!
As you well know,
with Supreme Demon King Dabura's death,
Gomah-sama has become Supreme Demon King!
King Gomah feels that the demand for
offerings has been too lenient.
As such, starting now…
offerings will be three gold coins!
Three coins?!
That's impossible!
Anyone who fails to pay will forfeit
3 years of their lives per coin!
So anyone who can't pay a single coin
will pay nine years! Got it?!
Th-That's too cruel!
I'm sure you're aware that
there's no point in running!
With the Magic Collars on your necks,
we will find you!
They got me!
Fleeing will cost you another ten years!
Is that clear?!
That's horrible. They're out of control.
Can you believe those guys?
Come on! Cough them up!
Good! Next!
Wait. This isn't enough.
This is all that I have.
Take him.
Come on!
Tch. Can you believe these guys?
Should I beat the heck outta them?
Don't. It'll cause more trouble.
Please! I'll pay next time! Forgive me!
If I lose nine years
of my life I might die!
Not happening!
Do it!
Hey! Stop picking on an old man!
Why you…! Why you…!
Hey! Stop struggling, old man!
Hey!
Hey creeps, that's enough!
Who the heck are you?
Ta-da! Taste this hand-made Wasabi Bomb!
Take this!
Whoops!
G-Get them!
-Get back here!
-Why you…!
Let go! You big brute!
-Move!
-Out of the way!
Enough! Stop struggling!
You little…!
Get outta here!
Hey!
Who the heck are you?!
Whoops, I went too far.
Y-You! Who are you?!
This way, quickly!
Hurry!
-Hey!
-Stop!
And now you've become a fugitive.
Don't blame me.
I couldn't let them do that.
Good point.
Who are you?!
Oh! It's you!
Holding out my hand
Up to the sky
The moment is ours
Make a miracle happen
Like a bird with open wings we fly
Picking up
Those pieces of hope
There's no giving up
Go as far as we can
I got you by my side
Run, run, run
Over the mountain we go
I hear it always
Your voice in my heart
"You know that we're never alone"
PANZY